Add new a configuration option `ignore_nesting_typealias_and_associatedtype` to exclude type aliases and associated types from the analysis of Nesting rule (#5433)
realm/SwiftLint: CHANGELOG.md

> #### Bug Fixes

Reviewer: This entry should go into "Enhancements".

> * Adding a nesting rule configuration option:`ignore_nesting_typealias_and_associatedtype` that Typealias and AssociatedType will be ignored from the analysis of the rule.
>   [#3183](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint/issues/3183)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add new option `ignore_typealiases_and_associatedtypes` to
  `nesting` rule. It excludes `typealias` and `associatedtype`
  declarations from the analysis.  
  [marunomi](https://github.com/marunomi)
  [#3183](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint/issues/3183)
```

Author: Thank you for suggesting the description!
